Look at Sword Point.
In a hurry
My moves are free like wind.
I'm traveling.
Energy.
to awaken the sword spirit.
In this world,
restless and restless
Who is the provocator?
Some dreams
are destined to burn
A fire that won't extinguish
The sky is high as me
How dare you fight with stars?
Daoyao.
All the way to Zhenzhou
Put the future together
A wave of success and failure
Laughing and romance
Fight the Empyrean Heaven
I'm willing to fight to the death
to protect you.
This...
In such a short time,
I didn't expect him to become stronger again.
He managed to master
to a perfect level.
Even if he has been enlightened since birth,
it's impossible for him to master this swordsmanship.
can prove his extraordinary talent.
No.
Impossible.
Lin Beichen, what are you doing?
Are you trying to take advantage of me?
Lin Beichen, what do you want?
You are not convinced?
Why don't you come up and fight me?
I...
Lin Beichen.
Win!
He is Lin Beichen.
So he is the general who is the descendant of Lin Beichen.
I like it. So handsome.
Amazing!
Qingxuan.
What do you think about
What do you think?
Not bad.
Is it okay?
The opponent is too weak.
We can't conclude it for now.
Brother Qingxuan is right.
I was right.
Even Li Qingxuan can't deny
Lin Beichen's strength.
Lin Beichen is our
our biggest hope this year.
Third College.
This year, I'm finally going to be proud.
The 50 winners
draw lots again to pick your opponent.
It's fate to meet Seven.
Coming. He looks so handsome.
He's looking at me. It's Lin Beichen.
He was so cool when he killed Leng Ye.
I told you
He's handsome when he doesn't get sick.
They finally
the essence of a handsome man.
You're so ignorant.
Isn't this Xue Yue from Class 9?
Help!
Xue Yue.
Hurry.
Wu Xiaofang.
You've gone too far.
I know.
Really?
I didn't foul.
He's not as good as others.
I told you.
I'll beat everyone
I'll beat them up.
If you have to blame someone,
it's your fault
Lin Beichen.
You...
Hey.
You look familiar.
Lin Beichen.
Don't go too far.
I remember you're in Class 1 too.
That's right.
My best friend
is Wu Xiao Fang.
Stop fighting. So handsome.
I give up.
I give up! Lin Beichen wins!
He beat the opponent to tears.
He's amazing.
Mu Xin Yue.
Goddess.
Look here.
Senior Mu.
I specially made this sword.
so that I can give it to you in the middle of the year.
Mu Xin Yue will win!
Thank you.
But this is too precious.
I can't accept it.
I accept your kindness.
I know I don't deserve Senior Mu.
and I'm no match for Senior Mu.
I'm already satisfied
with Senior Mu.
Boe.
E
Three.
Heart Moon Wins!
Mu Xin, Mu Xin, Mu Xin, Mu Xin Yue.
No way.
Again?
Yue Hong Xiang wins.
Ko Min-seung.
Yoon Yi-seung.
Cheers Mako-chan wins!
The 25 winners, please draw lots one by one.
It’s really unique.
There are 25 trainees in this round.
The moon is in the sky.
automatically advances.
Not only is Senior Mu beautiful, but also strong.
but also so lucky.
The only wheel is drawn by the goddess.
It's fate.
I can't even be jealous.
That works?
Lin Beichen from Class 9, Grade 2.
The opponent is Gao Min,
Gao Min is one of the top genius in our grade.
I'm afraid Lin Beichen will be back to his original form this time.
Lin Beichen.
I will let you know
what the real grade genius is like.
I give up.
Lin Beichen won again.
Lost? So amazing.
He's so handsome.
He's so handsome that he has the potential to be a sea king.
You shallow makeup.
Didn't you see he used another sword
with another sword?
This sword
is really cool.
You...
What swordsmanship is this?
Basic swordsmanship.
Closer three times.
That's impossible.
I also practiced the three-style swordsmanship taught by Ding.
It's not that powerful.
Then...
Maybe you're too stupid.
You...
I lost.
Lin Beichen wins!
Brother Qing Xuan.
How is it this time?
Lin Beichen has proved himself.
He is indeed talented.
But there's no rush.
Let's wait and see.
Okay.
Could the Lin family
a genius in the Lin family?
Wu Xiaofang went too far.
He took advantage of the privilege of winning last time
to choose Yin Yi.
He deliberately picked one of Yin's ears.
Lin Beichen.
Wait.
Can you win the next round?
Only you are left
is you.
Lin Beichen, you must win.
Wu Xiaofang has gone too far!
Xue and Cheng Fei,
and Yin Yi
were badly injured by him.
If you can defeat Wu Xiaofang,
and take revenge for us,
I...
I'm willing to apologize for
for what I said to you.
I'll do it too.
I won't call you an idiot anymore.
Yes.
Wu Xiao was a real scum just now.
He was just pretending.
Lin Beichen.
You must win.
Boring.
There are 13 trainees in this round.
Mu Xin will automatically advance.
In this round,
Lin Beichen versus Wang Xin Yu.
Why did he use a hidden weapon? Yeah, he went too far.
Lin Beichen wins!
Oh my god.
So heartless.
Why is there only one sword again?
He's amazing!
Awesome!
Wu Xiao Fang wins.
Yue Hongxiang wins.
The moon is in the sky.
automatically advances.
Wu Xiao Fang wins.
Yue Hongxiang wins!
Lin Beichen wins!
These four trainees
are the top four contestants
of our third College.
I hope you can
the best state
Show your real strength.
Next,
four trainees,
draw lots again.
to decide the opponent.
This is the second-year representative
the second-year representative.
Last year's chief, Wu Xiaofang, was gifted.
and talented.
But in the last few rounds,
in the last few rounds.
In this round,
is the best time for Lin Beichen
to prove his strength.
I hope I was right about him.
In front of observers,
in front of the observers.
Yue Hongxiang starts drawing lots.
You made it in the semifinal.
I wonder if these moves
enough to beat scumbags and green tea?
Come on!
Wu Xiaofang.
No.4 Lin Beichen.
VS No.1 Wu Xiaofang.
No.2 Mu Xin Yue.
VS No.3 Yue Hongxiang.
Come on! Come on!
Wu Xiaofang, come on! Lin Beichen is so handsome!
Come on!
[Third College Inter High]
The semifinals
begins now.
Lin Beichen
against Wu Xiaofang.
It's nice to destroy your classmates,
but it's not as good as humiliating you
in front of the whole school?
Your face was hit once.
Not enough.
You're useless.
Today, I will use your blood
with your blood.
Charge!
Kill them all!
I can move!
What are you waiting for?
Kill!